Change getifaddrs to allocate new list for addresses (#2905)
metalbear-co/mirrord: changelog.d/2903.fixed.md

> Change getifaddrs hook to allocate memory for a new list instead of modifyinging list returned form libc call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change getifaddrs hook to allocate memory for a new list instead of modifying list returned from libc call.
```
